Mega Man 6 Enemy IDs
By Vagla
Written 3/16/02; Released 5/21/03
Dragon Eye Studios
http://dragoneye.cg-games.net/

If you find mistakes, or know what some of the 'Nothing?' IDs do, don't hesitate to email me vagla@hotmail.com and tell me what they are
so that I can add them to this document. Thanks.

00- Nothing?
01- Nothing?
02- Nothing?
03- At READY, Mega Man keeps repeatedly trying to become non-distorted after beaming in
04- READY replaced by jumping Mega Man frame, jumping is impaired, as well as sliding. Some frames missing
05- Nothing?
06- Nothing?
07- The 'dust graphics' from when Mega Man is hit appear above READY
08- A vertical-moving explosion which repeats until moving offscreen
09- The sound effect of Mega Man shooting is played
0A- The sound effect of Mega Man shooting is played
0B- The sound effect of Mega Man shooting is played
0C- The sound effect of Mega Man shooting is played
0D- Nothing?
0E- The sound effect of Mega Man shooting is played
0F- The sound effect of Mega Man shooting is played
10- The squid enemy that launches ice and missiles at you
11- A homing torpedo? Mega Man acts like he's landing on the ground when it leaves the screen
12- Rocket-powered flying shielded enemy that can only be attacked from behind
13- Ceiling enemy that walks around and shoots at you when you walk beneath it
14- Upwards-moving shot with enemy shooting sound effect
15- Jumping/shooting metool
16- Left-moving ice block?
17- Single stand-still explosion
18- A normal MM1-type metool
19- Upward-pointed bomb
1A- Upward-moving shot without enemy shooting sound effect
1B- Vertical-flying enemy that shoots bombs
1C- The bomb that $1B shoots. Moves in a very odd pattern (Up, then a curved diagnol direction)
1D- E-tank
1E- Enemy that slides along on the ice and bounces off walls
1F- Sniper Joe that shoots from a mounted gun on the submarine
20- Sniper Joe that shoots from a mounted gun on the submarine
21- A left-pointed bomb
22- A right-pointed bomb
23- A downward-pointed bomb
24- Flying spy-camera enemies that home in on you after finding your location
25- Bomb explosions (They are larger than the normal explosions, have sound effect)
26- A propellor appears above Mega Man's head
27- The large panda bear enemy that shoots at you
28- The panda bear's vertical shot (The one that curves down at you)
29- The motorcycle enemy
2A- The Flame Man fire enemy that stands there and throws fire at you (Like the fire enemy in MM2's Quick Man stage)
2B- The small dome-like Flame Man enemy that you can shoot to make a raft to use across the oil
2C- The flying Flame Man enemy that drops fire
2D- The enemy that slides along the ground and is immune to most shots (Like the MM2 sliding enemy)
2E- The panda bear's vertical shot, but uses Mega Man's standing frame
2F- $2A's fire weapon 
30- $2C's fire weapon; incorrect palette and starting graphics
31- The bird that is in an egg, but then breaks out and flies at you
32- $31, but without the egg
33- $31, but has a delayed start and doesn't break open for quite a while
34- Floating platform that switches sides when Mega Man lands on it
35- A solid, invisible platform
36- Propellor for the fans that lift you into the air (Pointed up)
37- Extra life
38- Small energy capsule
39- Large energy capsule
3A- Nothing?
3B- A scrambled sprite that has several frames; does not hurt you
3C- The spider bombs that fall from the ceiling and crawl around on the ground until they explode
3D- The 'barrels' in Knight Man's stage that the elf-like enemies shoot at you from
3E- A solid, invisible enemy that can hurt you
3F- Nothing?
40- A small tile of God-knows-what momentarily appears immediately before READY
41- Propellor for the fans that lift you into the air (Pointed down)
42- The game completely freezes
43- A walking/shooting metool
44- Nothing?
45- The game completely freezes
46- *Something* small is dropped in a curving direction (down-right)
47- $46, but is dropped down-left
48- A single explosion
49- Small weapon energy capsule
4A- Large weapon energy capsule
4B- A collapsing platform the size of 4 TSA sections. It pushes you through the ground into a pit if you are underneath
4C- $1A
4D- The seal enemy
4E- $4D's shot
4F- The part of the metool dispensor that dispenses the metools
50- The game completely freezes
51- $3E, maybe a bit larger
52- Part of the metool dispensor?
53- Some sort of scrambled reflective enemy
54- The gun enemy that shoots at you... Is purple, stands on a single leg
55- Upward-moving shot with enemy shooting sound effect; is blue in color (in the test run with it, at least)
56- Nothing?
57- The graphics for when you bounce on a spring
58- The flying platform that you shoot to open (Plant Man's stage)
59- The large enemy that flies up at you diagnolly and then drops quickly; bomb-type explotion when destroyed
5A- An enemy that jumps out of water, lands in it again, and then disappears?
5B- A leaf that falls to the bottom of the screen, then disappears
5C- A leaf the falls in a different direction... There is a delay before it starts
5D- The eyes for $59 when it falls down
5E- A splash? No sound effect
5F- A piranna fish that jumps out of the water at you and then lands in it again... No splash?
60- The grasshopper enemy
61- The enemy that comes out of the trees in Plant Man's stage... Scrambled leaves?
62- The same enemy as $61, except it comes shooting from the left, has a different palette, and doesn't come out of a tree
63- Nothing?
64- Nothing?
65- The enemy with a shield that it lifts to shoot from the front, or lowers to shoot from the top
66- The flying enemy that drops bomb-like objects
67- The spider-skull enemy
68- Upward-moving shot with enemy shooting sound effect; is orange in color
69- The dragonfly type enemy that drops a skull bomb
6A- $69's skull bomb; is blue in color
6B- The part of $69 that drops the bomb, as well as the bomb, are attached to Mega Man and continuously hurt him
6C- The western-themed enemy that shoots at you with a revolver
6D- $6C's bullet shot upward with $6C's shooting sound effect; is blue in color
6E- The treaded enemy with drills on the front that rolls at you
6F- A solid platform the size of 1 TSA block; appears about 2 structures higher than its actual position
70- Flip-Top, aka Eddie
71- A shot that is shot upward and curves downward; is shot in Mega Man's direction. No sound effect
72- Nothing?
73- Same as $2D?
74- Messes up the pattern table, affecting Mega Man's sprites
75- Same as $2D/$73, but is upside-down and moves slowly upward until offscreen
76- 2 small tiles flash for a single frame; they resemble the dust that comes off of Mega Man
77- Upward-moving shot without enemy shooting sound effect
78- Same as $3D, but scrambled
79- A large, solid invisible enemy
7A- $25, but with no sound effect
7B- The game completely freezes
7C- The game completely freezes
7D- The game completely freezes
7E- The game completely freezes
7F- Tons of $25 explosions with sound effects, like when the metool dispensor explodes
80- Scroll byte- very important!!!
81- Nothing?
82- Nothing?
83- Nothing?
84- Nothing?
85- Nothing?
86- Nothing?
87- Nothing?
88- Nothing?
89- Nothing?
8A- Proto Man; beams in and drops the weapon energy distributor. Music changes to Tomahawk's Stage after he leaves!
8B- A platform that resembles a bullet pointed downward; it falls after about a second
8C- The weapon energy distributor that $8A leaves
8D- Nothing?
8E- A tile of god-knows-what the moves upward. No sound effect
8F- A popping block- very hard to position correctly
90- Blizzard Man
91- Blizzard Man's snowflake weapon
92- A tile of dust that appears above Mega Man when he is hit
93- Blizzard Man appears, but then a second one appears and the game loops, infinitely filling its life bar
94- Nothing?
95- Knight Man who cannot jump, is nearly-invincible (shield is always up), has a messed up weapon
96- Knight Man's mace weapon
97- Yamato Man's spear head- fires upward, has sound effect
98- Yamato Man; he does *nothing*!
99- Wind Man
9A- Wind Man's weapon- bad CHR
9B- Centaur Man
9C- Flame Man
9D- A flame with messed up CHR- moves upward
9E- Flame Man's weapon- bad CHR
9F- Tomahawk Man
A0- A flying platform- moves up and down
A1- A platform with spikes on bottom- turns when you step on it
A2- The large enemy that takes a spear out of its pack, spins it, and then has the spear fly at you while spinning
A3- $A2's weapon- moves upward
A4- A small pointed enemy that moves downward
A5- A submarine in a cloud
A6- Nothing?
A7- A spring enemy
A8- $A7's head
A9- A spider bomb that drops into water, floats for a second, and then explodes
AA- A piece of shrapnel from $A9? Moves upward
AB- A pellican that drops fish
AC- Like $26, but a different type of propellor, and it doesn't stay directly above Mega Man's head
AD- $AB's fish
AE- The graphic for the bouncy balls (like the spring setup)
AF- The same as $AE
B0- Tomahawk Man's tomahawk- moves downward
B1- Tomahawk Man's hair- moves upward
B2- Plant Man
B3- Some random tiles flash on the screen for a second?
B4- Same as $97?
B5- Something that moves to the right for about a second, is scrambled, disappears immediately
B6- Mr.X 1 boss that moves along a track, has the weakpoints on the sides, drops bomb-like objects
B7- A lifebar fills up, empties, game continues as normal
B8- Something constantly hits Mega Man- 4 damage lost each hit
B9- The bomb dropped by $B6?
BA- The game completely freezes
BB- The game completely freezes
BC- The game completely freezes
BD- The game completely freezes
BE- The game completely freezes
BF- The game completely freezes
C0- Wall gun- left wall (faces right)
C1- Left/right moving piranna fish
C2- Strange-looking enemy that spits out bouncing balls
C3- Explosion without sound effect- leaves behind $38 (small energy capsule) every time?
C4- Hopping enemy from Centaur Man's stage that hops into the upside-down water- shoots from the top of its head
C5- Mega Man 5-type enemy that has 2 large legs and a large single eye
C6- The enemy with the graduate hat on; gets pissed when you ruin its hat
C7- The thing used to show that $C6 is angry stays above Mega Man's head
C8- The $C6 glasses stay on Mega Man (not on his face, though)
C9- Wall gun- right wall (faces left)
CA- The fan enemy that sucks you in or blows you away
CB- Nothing?
CC- Nothing?
CD- The word CAPCOM flashes in the center of the screen, messes up the pattern table
CE- The game completely freezes
CF- Nothing?
D0- Palette changes, 2 strange enemies appear, game freezes
D1- Nothing?
D2- Nothing?
D3- Life bar fills up, a scrambled boss appears, game goes crazy (music speeds up, screen goes haywire, etc.)
D4- A scrambled upward moving thing
D5- The teleport capsules/their flashing light
D6- Mega Man is upside-down, the left-running frames are the same as the right, etc.
D7- The game completely freezes
D8- A scrambled object that moves left
D9- A scrambled object that explodes when it hits a wall- uses bomb explosion (the big one), with sound effect
DA- Nothing?
DB- The game completely freezes
DC- The game completely freezes
DD- The game completely freezes
DE- The game completely freezes
DF- The game completely freezes
E0- A very odd boss appears, life bar fills up, game freezes
E1- Nothing?
E2- A right-moving enemy with scrambled graphics
E3- A left-moving enemy that curves up; has scrambled graphics
E4- Nothing?
E5- Much like $E0, game freezes at the end
E6- Nothing?
E7- A very strange-looking enemy falls down-left, explodes when it hits a wall (bomb explosion with sound effect)
E8- Somewhat like $D3
E9- Nothing?
EA- A very strange-looking object that moves left
EB- Mr.X 2 boss- it works, but is very scrambled, and can't be harmed
EC- Mr.X 2 boss' shot? Moves vertically, bad CHR
ED- Mr.X 2 boss' block that falls from the top of the screen- explodes when it hits the ground, bad CHR
EE- The shrapnel from $ED's explosion?
EF- Mr.X 3 boss? Bad CHR, screws up the game like $E8 and $D3
F0- A large object that travels upward- bad CHR
F1- The game freezes completely; I can't explain what happens before that, though... The screen goes...haywire
F2- Boss appears (unsure as to what stage), can't be harmed, bad CHR
F3- $F2's shot?
F4- The game completely freezes
F5- The game completely freezes
F6- The game completely freezes
F7- The game completely freezes
F8- The game completely freezes
F9- The game completely freezes
FA- The game completely freezes
FB- The game completely freezes
FC- The game completely freezes
FD- The game completely freezes
FE- The game completely freezes
FF- The game completely freezes

This document is Copyright © 2002 Vagla. All rights reserved. No part of this document can be taken
without credit given to the author, Vagla. Vagla can not be held responsible for any mistakes
contained inside this document. Mega Man and all related characters and themes are Copyright © Capcom.